Structural changes and introduction edits (#37)
greenelab/connectivity-search-manuscript: content/05.main-text.md

<!-- info on this figure's creation in https://github.com/greenelab/connectivity-search-manuscript/issues/11 -->
](https://github.com/greenelab/connectivity-search-manuscript/raw/f98c3470a8bf8f40f5f6aed2794c6ea66b93b14b/content/media/rephetio/metagraph-and-features.png){#fig:rephetio width="100%" .white}

> Project Rephetio was successfully predict treatments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project Rephetio successfully predicted treatments,
```

### Software & data availability

#### Hetio

*Hetio* is a superset/collection of hetnet-related research, tools, and datasets that, most notably, includes the Hetionet project itself and the connectivity search tool that are the focus of this manuscript.
Most of the Hetio resources and projects can be found under the [Hetio GitHub organization](https://github.com/hetio), with a others being available under the [Greene Lab GitHub organization](https://github.com/greenelab), one of the collaborating groups.

> Information about Hetio is also displayed and disseminated on the [Hetio website](https://het.io/), as discussed in more detail below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information about Hetio is also displayed and disseminated on the [Hetio website](https://het.io/), as noted in the [Hetio Website] section. 
```
